README.md, before:

# JavaScript. It's Witchcraft

Create with love by [@Nikodermus](https://github.com/Nikodermus)

![Banner for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/banner.png 'Banner')

## Ideas

1. Hoodies

    | ![Purple Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-green-over-purple.png 'Hoddie green over purple') | ![Black Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-yellow-over-black.png 'Hoddie yellow over black') | ![Blue Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-react-blues.png 'Hoddie React blues') |
    | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

1. You tell me ♥️

## Assets

### You can find:

-   B/W or the color variants under [/editable](/editable) in Adobe Illustrator format
-   Hoddie Mockup under [/editable](/editable) in Adobe Photoshop format
-   [PNG](/exported/png) and [SVG](/exported/svg) exported images for B/W or the color variants under [/exported](/exported)
-   Exported Hoodies images and things in this README in [/other](/exported/other)

## License

This project is licensed under [©Creative Commons](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs(README.md) Extend license with font

README.md, after:

# JavaScript. It's Witchcraft

Create with love by [@Nikodermus](https://github.com/Nikodermus)

![Banner for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/banner.png 'Banner')

## Ideas

1. Hoodies

    | ![Purple Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-green-over-purple.png 'Hoddie green over purple') | ![Black Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-yellow-over-black.png 'Hoddie yellow over black') | ![Blue Hoodie for JavaScript. It's Witchcraft](/exported/other/hoodie-react-blues.png 'Hoddie React blues') |
    | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

1. You tell me ♥️

## Assets

### You can find:

-   B/W or the color variants under [/editable](/editable) in Adobe Illustrator (.ai) format.
-   Hoddie Mockup under [/editable](/editable) in Adobe Photoshop (.psd) format.
-   [PNG](/exported/png) and [SVG](/exported/svg) exported images for B/W or the color variants under [/exported](/exported).
-   Exported Hoodies images and things in this README in [/other](/exported/other).

## License(s)

### This project is licensed under [©Creative Commons](/LICENSE).

### Font is [English Towne](https://www.dafont.com/english-towne.font) by [Dieter Steffmann](http://www.steffmann.de/).
